I can pay attention to your small number of people.
As long as you are willing to spare our lives
We're willing to do anything.
Not to mention dealing with that dog thing Xiao Chen
We are even more helpless
Who are you like?
As long as you kill the depressed bastard this time
I can save you from death
But
Your Liu family will be our neighbor's subordinate from now on
Belongs to the family all of you
You have to be slaves to our neighbors
Be a cow and a horse to atone for your sins for a lifetime?
Yolin Shao
Don't worry, Xiao Chen, this dog thing
Almost exterminated our Liu family
Get rid of Xiao Chen, this dog thing
Our Liu family is duty-bound
But why don't you agree to this as a slave?
It's okay, who asked you to save our Liu family?
I don't want our Liu family to be slaves to the Lin family
Hahaha good
Don't think
It's a shame that you slaves our Lin family
I'll tell you the truth
Our Lin family is now giving the imperial capital
Xiao family works
With the help of the Xiao family
Our Lin family will definitely rise and soar
Wait for the moment when our Lin family sets foot on the rich family of the imperial capital
This cloud length is not impossible
I will reward you six.
Hey Lin Lin Shao
Is what you said true?
You question me
dare not dare
I tell you
I just met with Master Xiao yesterday
This is Mr. Xiao, dear.
Hand me the golden invitation to the king's banquet
Tomorrow you will enter with me
Go to the supreme king's feast
And you just need to be at that king's feast
Cooperate with me to report to the lord that beast Xiao Chen
The crime of Taochen
Let him be doomed
This is actually an invitation to the king's banquet
Lin Shao
This is actually a golden invitation to the king's banquet
I really didn't expect it.
Our Liu family can actually record the king's banquet
Don't worry, Mr. Lin.
Our Liu family will fully cooperate with you tomorrow.
Except to disappear this trash hahaha
Ah!